Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture.
What we are going to do is when we click on this, we won't be able to update this image to this.
And when we click on this, we want to be able to update this image to this.
Okay, to do this, we are going to create something known as page controller within the state.
We are going to create a finer and we can just go ahead and specify the type of variable it is, a type
of page controller and we can call this rainbow on the score page controller and it's going to be equal
to page controller.
Okay.
Now the next step is to bind this variable called underscore page controller to the page view.
Okay?
To do that, the page view has a property known as controller, and this is going to be equal to the
page.
View.
Sorry, the page controller variable grid.
And now what we then have to do is to make those images clickable.
To do that, we have to wrap this image with a button and wrap with with that, we're going to wrap
this with a gesture detector type.
Or you can just wrap this with an equal.
Okay.
And the gesture detector has a property known as on top.
And all we just have to do is to call the underscore page.
Controller and we are going to say jump to page and we have you can see is asking for the page and for
this we are going to pass the index of each image right about this index is basically referring to each
image we have.
Okay, now use control to save and go check this out.
Okay.
Click on this.
Click on this sim, right?
Okay.
And now we're going to deal with this number to update it to the current number we are selecting.
And to do that, the page view has a property known as own change.
And it is.
A callback.
What we have to do first is to.
Creates a finite variable and we're expecting a number, so we can just go ahead and say it is a type
of AIDS and we're going to call this variable in dense.
Right.
Okay.
Over in this.
Sorry.
We have to set it to zero.
Default.
Okay.
Click on this.
And.
Hawaii is going to take in the value that is the selected image.
And all we just have to do, first of all, is to set states in order to update the UI, because we're
basically going to update this number one to something else.
So we have to set the state, set states, and all we just have to do is to say index is equal to.
The value intense.
What did you call in then?
Yeah.
Just going gonna copy this hopefully.
And made no spell error.
In dance, it's going to be equal to value.
Okay.
And over in this, I think we have some hairs.
Was the same.
Okay.
So it can't be finer.
And get rid of this foreigner.
And that's all says Och.
And instead of this, what we can then do is we can get rid of this test widget for now.
Sorry.
Get rid of this.
Yeah.
And we're going to concatenate this.
How did the last line.
So every dollar and this is going to be intense.
And what we also have to say is plus.
Plus one.
Okay.
So what is going to do is anytime we click on this, it's going to update the index to one, two, three,
four, five, six.
And that is basically it.
So save now and go check this out.
Okay.
One.
Two.
You can sit over the same school and hopefully you understand.
But if you don't, you can let me know.
Okay.
And lastly.
We also do need.
This and backslash, right?
Backslash and another.
Dollar sign.
This is going to be widget dot.
Sorry.
I think we are skipping that dollar.
Okay.
Give you a space.
And this is going to be widget dot what dot image lists dot lengths to give us the length of our image.
Okay.
And check it out.
Sounds good, but we do not have that backslash.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can just do is we can get rid of this and we're going to use another type of concatenating.
And I'm just going have the train come over here first.
And this is going to be.
In order to assess that, we have to say the last line again.
And this.
So this is going to be intense.
So not there.
Here.
Okay, then.
Plus one.
Plus.
And also what we have to do now is to use another plus.
Then empty string.
And this is going to be this.
Right.
And again, we then have to say.
Plus again.
And this is just going to be.
We just got.
Or you can just add another one again and this again.
All right.
Okay.
Well, this is just going to be a widget.
Dot image list, dot length dot string to convert it to a test.
So.
Yeah.
To convert it to a string.
Right.
Okay.
And you can see some school.
What is basically means is we are basically displaying the image the products have.
And over here we are getting the image the user is navigating to or switching to.
Okay.
You can see that that Siri is just static.
The theory is basically referring to the total image we have.
So what we can also do is we can give this a color of maybe colors that sign.
Okay.
The camera.
His concern is to save.
Okay.
Seems cool.
Let's go check for orders and.
Click on this.
We have just one image.
You can see one and one.
Okay.
Hopefully understand all this.
And if you don't, you can do.
Also, let me know.
I'm going to make another video for just you.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.